[serpent] My lady!
So what is the actual reason
the suspect threw
the man's corpse
into this swamp?
Simple. It was so Aoi Tanio
could have the police
track down something
she wanted found.
She had previously tossed
something away in this swamp
and after murdering
Hiroo Yoshihara,
she decided it was time
to try and retrieve it.
But it was going to be
an impossible task for her
to find what she had thrown
into this swamp all on her own.
That's why she decided to get
the police to help her look.
If she told them she had dumped
the murder weapon here,
there's a good chance
the police would've
searched the swamp.
Then what about the thing
she whispered?
It wasn't the murdered body
she wanted them to find.
It was something she had
tossed into the swamp before.
Though she tossed it in
quite a while ago,
so there was no guarantee
it would be found.
That's why she was unable
to stop herself
from uttering a little prayer.
[Aoi] I hope with all my heart
that they find you.
And that was the whisper
that you overheard that day.
[opening music]
[serpent] Then she didn't need
to go through the trouble
of bringing the corpse
out here.
She could have just said
the weapon was in the swamp.
But that brings up some
inconsistencies in the story.
To carry out her plan,
Aoi Tanio needed the police
to find out about the incident,
believe that she was
the culprit and arrest her,
and hear her confess that
she threw the murder weapon
into the swamp.
So first, how would
she get the police
to find out about the incident?
Someone would have to have
discovered the victim's body.
Yes that's precisely it, Kuro!
And how would she go about
making sure that
that really happened?
Well...
Confess immediately?
I don't think so--
most certainly not.
The fact she threw
the weapon into the swamp
would mean she was trying
to conceal the crime.
And a suspect like that
wouldn't admit to their crimes.
Exactly.
Many hikers come
through here everyday
so the body would've
been found quickly.
And she mentioned during
her interrogation
that she wanted the giant
serpent to eat the body.
That alone should cause
the police to question
her sanity and work harder
on the investigation
to discover the truth
behind what happened.
All right.
So what is that woman trying
to get them to find?
What do you believe she threw
into the swamp long ago?
I'm sure it was something
that had to do
with her former boyfriend,
the late Machii Yoshikazu.
I'm sure she must
have resented him
after the incident
five years ago.
But this was all set up
by Hiroo Yoshihara.
She found out her boyfriend
was innocent.
It can be presumed
that she deeply regretted
the fact she'd doubted him.
I see. It makes sense
that she would want
to get rid of any reminders
of the man who betrayed her.
But now she was trying
to retrieve it.
Isn't this all rather
dramatic just to
reclaim a single item
she'd long ago thrown away?
Totally.
After what had happened
with her boyfriend,
she made the decision
to return home
after living all by herself
in the city.
She probably got rid of
a lot of things during the move
like the stuff related
to her boyfriend.
Even if she had kept a couple
of pictures and presents,
she could've just thrown them
in the trash or burned them.
Then what are you implying
that she threw
into the swamp?
Something important...
Perhaps it was a baby
she had with her boyfriend.
Shortly after
the unexpected death
of her boyfriend Maachi,
and then, her subsequent move
back into her family home...
Aoi came to the realization
that she was pregnant
with his child.
Not knowing the truth
at the time,
she saw it as the child
of the man who betrayed her.
Though the child was blameless
Aoi likely still wondered
what she should do.
But then one day,
she ended up having
a miscarriage at home
and the fetal corpse
ended up in her hands.
How would she dispose of it?
She brought it here.
And then, last month
she found out the truth
about her boyfriend's death
and regretted her actions
even more.
[Aoi crying]
She felt she should try
to find the fetus
and give it a proper burial.
That's why she came up
with the plan
to have the police
dredge through the swamp.
[serpent]
So with their help,
that woman's dead infant
would eventually be found?
No, I don't think so.
Well, you said it
yourself earlier...
that you ask the ayakashi
to regularly clean your swamp.
It's most likely
that her baby sank
into the swamp
about four years ago.
So the mountain ayakashi
probably pulled it out
a long time ago.
Aoi Tanio tossed
a tiny corpse
into the swamp years ago.
I'm sure she came up
these mountains
alone one night so that
she wouldn't be found.
That's what drove her
to think of
disposing of the man's body
at night in the same fashion...
like before.
By throwing that new corpse
into the swamp,
she wanted to retrieve
the precious little corpse
she had lost.
This theory doesn't contradict
anything you said
and seems the most plausible.
Humans truly concoct and
commit such horrendous acts.
Indeed, they do.
I'd say you're also terrifying,
my lady,
but there's something
even more...
Huh?
Oh, how absolutely frightful!
[laughing]
[Kuro] Was that deduction
really true?
That stuff about her baby?
What I do know
is that everything
Aoi Tanio told the police
was definitely not a lie,
and apparently,
she really did want
the Guardian to
eat Yoshihara's corpse.
Before meeting with
the Guardian,
I sent a ghost to check in
on Aoi Tanio
in her holding cell...
Did the serpent not find
the body or
was it not interested?
[Kotoko] And the ghost
heard her say that.
[Kuro] So you knew that
and lined up one lie
after another.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Even still,
my explanation made sense
and seemed
ompletely reasonable.
For the most part.
However, there's really
no guarantee that
the suspect would
act rationally.
Hmm.
The Guardian of the swamp
had said that
if the woman wanted them to
eat the corpse
to make it disappear,
she would've just said so.
But Aoi knew nothing
would start
until they found the body
which is why
she whispered that.
I believe that is
all quite possible.
[agreeing]
This may be going too far,
but there is also
the possibility that
the Guardian misheard
what Aoi Tanoi whispered.
If so, that would completely
destroy the original premise.
And a great yokai who's
as renowned as the Guardian
would never admit
to mishearing someone.
Uh-huh.
That's why I used
some of my wisdom
to navigate the problem.
I think I understand
your powers now.
But with all of that aside,
you really should
be more cautious
about the danger
you put yourself in.
And I wouldn't ever have to
worry about stuff like that
if you would just stay
by my side...
You never mentioned
helping you exterminate yokai
as a condition for
going out with you.
Interesting you finally admit
we're dating then.
No, I didn't.
[dozing off]
Huh?
[Teenager] So yeah.
The new girl up at work
is a total super hottie.
And bonus points, man!
They were freaking huge.
What? What am I talking about?
Her boobs...
They're huge...
[screaming]
[Terada] Hey, Yumihara.
[Saki] Yes?
The other day,
when I invited you out
for some yakiniku,
you declined saying that
eating beef reminds you
of an ex-boyfriend you had
a nasty falling-out with
and it makes you feel sick
to your stomach.
If so, why are you eating
the kalbi lunch right now?
I realized I shouldn't let
the past hold me back,
so I'm doing everything
I can to get over it.
I see...
Well, when you do tell me,
I'll be sure to
invite you out again.
Oh, I've been meaning to ask...
You handled that river wreck
the other day, right?
That's right.
The report says
the young man thought he saw
a puppy jump out
in front of him.
So he panicked and
drove through the guardrail
and then into the river.
But I heard he had
a different story
to tell at first.
He'd just been pulled
from the river
when he said that.
He was in
a state of hysteria.
Once he'd calmed down,
he confirmed that was
not actually the case.
But it's true that
this college student
initially told you...
That a girl wielding
a steel beam
about two meters long
who was wearing a flashy,
frilly red and black dress
and a huge bow in her hair,
but who somehow had no face,
suddenly appeared in
front of his car.
So he panicked and
swerved off the road.
He said that?
He did.
Then why did you use
the statement
regarding the puppy?
Because it doesn't matter
if it was a puppy or
a ghost that popped out.
But they are pretty different...
-Detective Terada...
-Hmm?
Are you looking for
Steel Lady Nanase?
[cop] Steel Lady Nanase?
You've never heard of her?
Heard of Karin Nanase?
[Saki] Oh, isn't she...?
She's the idol who died at
the beginning of the year?
I remember hearing
the media was abuzz
about some unsavory rumors.
Yeah, that's right.
And to get away from
the crazy paparazzi,
she holed up in a hotel
right here in Makurazaka City.
But then, she died
when a steel beam
from a nearby construction
site fell on her.
I heard she had
a huge rack.
But there are rumors swirling
'round about her again.
What? Like you mean
it was suicide?
No...
It seems...
[interested]
She appears every night
in Makurazaka City.
She's even wearing
her idol outfit, and now,
she wields the steel beam
that crushed her...
The frightening faceless ghost
of Karin Nanase.
And what do you think
about all that?
I thought it wasn't
the best idea
to put any stories about
ghosts in writing.
That's not the point
I'm talking about.
I want to know what
your gut tells you.
Tell me,
do you honestly think
that there's a ghost
or a monster
named "Steel Lady Nanase"
out there?
The college student's
terrified face, the tire tracks
and the guardrail
that was busted through.
And...
that eerie feeling
in the air...
All of those things
were real.
I do believe that
the college student
really saw something
on the road
that shouldn't have been there.
Hmm.
At police call boxes
all around the city,
many people are claiming
that they have witnessed
or were nearly attacked
by someone resembling
Steel Lady Nanase.
They're reporting
at police boxes?
The officers onsite are
shrugging it off
by saying they were all
just seeing things
but ever since the middle
of last month,
there have been cases
involving random attacks
and assault attempts that
have been on the rise
throughout the city.
-Detective Terada.
-Huh?
Do you honestly believe
that Steel Lady Nanase
actually exists and
is attacking people?
Oh?
Hey, come on now.
I'm just trying to clarify.
Don't make me sound crazy!
Of course, I don't believe
in ghosts.
I'm sure this is the work
of the living.
If someone truly is
appearing in
various locations around town
dressed like that,
it seems like a lot of trouble
for a mere prankster or
kidnapper to go through.
That's the part
that bugs me too.
If it's necessary to go through
all that trouble to do this,
there must be a significant
reason or objective
behind these actions.
Something that's not
just a prank,
but an actual crime.
These reports first started
happening within the city
over the past two weeks.
We started seeing
more information
on the Internet
around then too.
They've had from when
the rumors started spreading
until two weeks ago
to prepare.
And more recently,
they finally started
making their move.
A police officer taking rumors
like this seriously
looks kinda bad.
But something's definitely
going on.
As of right now,
the suburbs have suddenly
become a hotbed of activity
for organized crime.
Meaning somebody should
definitely keep an eye out.
Detective Terada thinks
the emergence of
Steel Lady Nanase
is foreshadowing
a much larger crime.
But...
Steel Lady Nanase is
definitely real.
She's a real ghost that
has nothing to do with
some other crime or plot.
No matter what may happen
in the future,
the police won't be able
to deal with her.
[Terada] If you'd be willing
to help out,
I'd appreciate it.
[Saki] Detective Terada.
Please try to remember this.
There is still the possibility
that yokai and ghosts exist
in this world.
Hmm?
Reall, Yumihara?
You believe in stuff like that?
Well, I haven't seen
any ghosts,
but I have seen yokai before.
What are you talking about?
If you don't believe
it's possible that
there are beings
that surpass all logic and
reasoning in this world,
you'll be blindsided one day.
I'm sure there's no point
in saying this.
Because I didn't believe
that was the case,
I ended up having to
break it off with my ex.
Oh, uh...
So was your ex a yokai
or ghost or something?
[gasp]
[feeling sick]
'scuse me!
Hey, Yumihara!
[retching/gasping]
Looks like
you weren't kidding
when you said you feel sick
after eating meat.
Can I get you some water?
No, I'm fine, thank you.
As I was saying,
Detective Terada,
there are beings that surpass
our logic and reasoning.
I'm just telling you
to be careful.
All right, I got it.
At least I get that
it sounds like
you were in
a complicated relationship.
Oh well... It just ended up
becoming complicated.
Well, take care.
I'm counting on you.
[gasp]
Oh, Kuro!
[kappa]
Humans are so terrifying...
You will consume anything
and are willing to mix
with anything.
They end up creating monsters
like you!
How terrifying!
That monster happened
to be my fiance
and there'd come
a day when
I'd have to consider
how I could stay with him.
Kuro, you...?
Look, Saki...
[fear]
wonder why
I can imagine it...
Since then,
the world that I once
believed in became warped.
And the more I lived
my life in fear,
the more I could sense
the presence of
those creatures.
I wonder how long
this life of gloom
is going to continue.
Even this hill that I climb
every day makes me worried.
Huh?!
[Kotoko]
Whoa... Whoa, whoa!
A girl?
[gasp]
Are you all right?
Yes.
This is nothing compared
to being deflowered.
Why in the world would
you bring up
such an awkward example
at a time like this?!
I mean...
It was the most
painful experience
of my entire life.
Can you blame me?
[surprise]
Upsy-daisy.
Kids these days come up
with some bizarre jokes.
Is she a child?
Wait, how old is she?
I don't really know
who you are, lady,
but I thank you very much.
She's rather petite
and cute.
But...
What's this strange presence
I sense from her?
I realize that you were kind
enough to save me.
Now please listen to
my advice and run away.
Run from what?
[growl]
[scraping metal]
[gasp]
[footsteps]
Steel Lady...Nanase!
Please get going.
Your eyes aren't
playing tricks on you.
She's exactly what
she seems to be.
A type of creature that's often
referred to as a yokai.
I can sense it...
That presence is totally real.
Those giant knockers
are real as well.
Is that really
relevant right now?!
Enough running.
I'm done with this.
[grunt]
[gasp]
I ran away from the kappa
ran away from Kuro...
And I'm living a life
of depression because of it.
I'm through letting
these things rule my life!
I'm sick of it!
All this absurdity...
I'm going to be done
with it tonight!
[gasp]
[groan]
[fear]
This is...
illogical.
This is why I told you
to run away!
[grunt]
[panting]
[gasp]
[tense music]
[grunt]
[groan]
[growl]
[tense music]
Huh, she ran away...
I've gotta rethink...
I can't beat that thing
with brute force.
I don't know
what's going on.
She just kicked a ghost.
Who in the world is she?
Huh?
Wait, is she
not human either?
It's a prosthetic.
It's fine.
It's built to come off
if it gets overburdened.
If it doesn't,
I could harm myself even more
from it staying on.
How'd you make contact
with that thing
when my hand went
right through it?
Are you a yokai as well?
Oh... No, ma'am.
I'm kind of somewhere
in between, I suppose...
Whoever you are,
I can definitely tell
that you're a brave soul.
Please forget everything
you saw today.
I'll take care of
Steel Lady Nanase
in the not-too-distant future.
That's the whole reason
I came here.
I'd rather not bother
getting the police involved,
so I ask you not to tell
anyone about me either.
You can tell me more
at the station.
It's just at the bottom
of the hill.
No way!
Your leg might be okay,
but I'm sure you have bruises
and cuts everywhere.
I'll treat them for you.
Don't worry.
I don't plan to get
a statement from you
or try to contact your family.
But there are a series
of incidents the police think
Steel Lady Nanase
is responsible for,
so I can't just let this go.
An officer with the traffic
division, Saki Yumihara...
Are you actually that Saki?!
Oh um... I'm not sure
what you're talking abou--
[gasp]
Your hair is shorter
and you seem to have
lost weight...
Yeah! That's why
I didn't realize it!
Augh! I never would've
saved you
if I knew you were you!
I mean, I wouldn't just let
that thing kill you,
but really...
Explain so I can understand.
It seems like you know me?
But I don't really recall us
ever meeting before.
We have met once before,
but this is the first time
we've properly greeted
each other.
My name is Kotoko Iwanaga.
I'm Kuro Sakuragawa's
current girlfriend. Delighted!
[Kotoko in pain]
[ending music]
The Steel Lady strikes
with violence.
Her original form,
the idol Karin Nanase,
died a mysterious death.
To defeat Steel Lady Nanase
we'll have to find out
the truth behind
Karin Nanase's demise.
Next time:
"Idol Dies by Steel Beam."